raspberry-pi/README.md, before:

# Raspberry Pi Telemetry System 2024

## Running Raspberry Pi Telemetry
To collect CAN bus data run the `python3 rpi-main.py` script on the WESMO Raspberry Pi.
This should connect the Pi to the AWS MQTT Broker and begin transmitting an CAN Bus messaged recieved.
If Raspberry Pi is within the 2024 car it should do this automatically when the vehicle starts up.

## EDS Simulation
To display the work completed in 2024 at the Waikato Engineering Design show a simulation has been developed.
Using the files within 'sim-data' which are mock CAN messages, run `python3 merge_simulation_data.py` to shuffle
all the messages, may require tidying up in final lines of the result file '/data/simulation_data.py'.

Using a Python enviroment run `python3 run_simulation.py`, this will simulate the results which the Raspberry Pi collects.

## CAN Bus
The can bus for the raspberry pi is a 2-CH CAN HAT. The links for each hat is set up on system start up.
The development plan for the telemetry system is a single channel in the EV vehicle. For testing purposes
both can ports will be setup and used.

### Recieving CAN Data
The timeout for reading a single can message is measured in seconds. If a timeout of **0.0** is a non-blocking 
message. Meaning it returns immediately with or without a message from a can bus. It is preferable to use a 
non-blocking message for real time data.
 

### CAN Message
#### __str__()

The fields in the printed message are (in order):
1. Timestamp
2. Arbitration ID
3. Flags
4. Data length (DL)
5. Data

The flags field is represented as one, two or three letters:
1. X if the is_extended_id attribute is set, otherwise S,
2. E if the is_error_frame attribute is set,
3. R if the is_remote_frame attribute is set.

The arbitration ID field is represented as either a four or eight digit hexadecimal number depending on the length of the arbitration ID (11-bit or 29-bit). Each of the bytes in the data field (when present) are represented as two-digit hexadecimal numbers.

Commit message:

Make dashboard MQTT pipeline configurable for simulator

raspberry-pi/README.md, after:

# Raspberry Pi Telemetry System 2024

## Running Raspberry Pi Telemetry
To collect CAN bus data run the `python3 rpi-main.py` script on the WESMO Raspberry Pi.
This should connect the Pi to the AWS MQTT Broker and begin transmitting an CAN Bus messaged recieved.
If Raspberry Pi is within the 2024 car it should do this automatically when the vehicle starts up.

## EDS Simulation
To display the work completed in 2024 at the Waikato Engineering Design show a simulation has been developed.
Using the files within 'sim-data' which are mock CAN messages, run `python3 merge_simulation_data.py` to shuffle
all the messages, may require tidying up in final lines of the result file '/data/simulation_data.py'.

Using a Python enviroment run `python3 run_simulation.py`, this will simulate the results which the Raspberry Pi collects.

You can point the simulator at a different broker by exporting the same
environment variables described for the backend (`WESMO_MQTT_BROKER`,
`WESMO_MQTT_PORT`, `WESMO_MQTT_USERNAME`, etc.). When these are not set the
script defaults to `localhost:1883` without authentication, matching the
development instructions above.

## CAN Bus
The can bus for the raspberry pi is a 2-CH CAN HAT. The links for each hat is set up on system start up.
The development plan for the telemetry system is a single channel in the EV vehicle. For testing purposes
both can ports will be setup and used.

### Recieving CAN Data
The timeout for reading a single can message is measured in seconds. If a timeout of **0.0** is a non-blocking 
message. Meaning it returns immediately with or without a message from a can bus. It is preferable to use a 
non-blocking message for real time data.
 

### CAN Message
#### __str__()

The fields in the printed message are (in order):
1. Timestamp
2. Arbitration ID
3. Flags
4. Data length (DL)
5. Data

The flags field is represented as one, two or three letters:
1. X if the is_extended_id attribute is set, otherwise S,
2. E if the is_error_frame attribute is set,
3. R if the is_remote_frame attribute is set.

The arbitration ID field is represented as either a four or eight digit hexadecimal number depending on the length of the arbitration ID (11-bit or 29-bit). Each of the bytes in the data field (when present) are represented as two-digit hexadecimal numbers.
